Notes on Scope for BUS 392

Active effects dictionary

Inventory Dictionary

Code to not be able to get item again

Allow for more than one multiple of an item in inventory and mark it as "Potion x2"

Ask the user how many lines of code to keep to refer back to

Maybe add a loading cursor or ascii animation

Break code up into cells

Define functions for death code and randomization

Have all options for player choices appear immediately, can go on a bit long

Did option 3 again, door should not have to be unlocked again, write case for just being able to go through the passageway/ Create a variable at beginning and then redefine inside the loop and the loop doesn't go through opening door text

Define functions

Death sequence should empty out inventory = ["Inventory includes:"] and active_effects =["Active effects:"]

Look into a function that takes you to a certain line

Stats: Defense and HP, Atk stat on weapons

Golden ring passive 50% chance to take no damage

Combat functions for weapons


TODO:

Breaks and continues, currently working

Add the knife in the pressure plate sequence 3 - DONE

Quality of life updates like save states, score, run time

When dying, killer kills message pops up twice and achievement

Change the while loops to conditions that are not related to health

Numbered loops

Timer - DONE

Let the user be able to define the time.sleep argument

Notes:
Issues we've been having - the loops we have been writing haven't been working how we intended

5/25 - Play test output
Lanzix 2
Objective: Escape.
You wake up in a dark cave.
You cannot see anything in the darkness.
New run start:
What do you do? go
You take a step forward...
You still cannot see anything in the darkness
Do you look around for light? y
You look around for light...
You do not see anything.
You hear a human scream deeper in the tunnel.
1: Approach quietly
2: Approach
Do you go towards the scream? 1
You used stealth to approach the scream.
Once you get there...
You see a figure holding a torch standing over a dead body.
Because you quietly approach you did not alert the figure to yourself.
The figure walks away from you leaving you in the darkness.
With the dead body.
Suddenly a Werewolf attacks you!
You have no choice but to face Werewolf in combat.
Test Quote 3
The Werewolf deals 12 damage.
Health: 88
What do you do? Run
You decide to Run
Suddenly two torches light up two opposite ends of the cave you're in.
You notice three pressure plates in addition to the two torches.
Many vines and plants cover the walls of the room you're in.
Do you investigate the room further? y
Upon further investigation you notice a mysterious liquid leaking from the ceiling into a rough stone basin in the middle of the room.
Everything is silent.
What do you do?
1 = Wait and do not move
2 = Investigate the pressure plates
3 = Investigate the plants
4 = sleep
5 = Investigate the liquid and stone basin
What do you do? 5
You approach the stone basin and it's strange contents.
As you get closer a rancid stench confronts you.
There are puddles around the stone basin.
You notice steam around the basin now that you are directly in front of it.
You peer into the bottom of the basin and see a golden ring.
Do you attempt to take the ring? y
You got the Golden ring
Inventory Includes:
{'Golden ring': 1}
What do you do?
1 = Wait and do not move
2 = Investigate the pressure plates
3 = Investigate the plants
4 = sleep
5 = Investigate the liquid and stone basin

Check the code below and discuss/fix

What do you do? 1
You wait for sometime.
Suddenly a Werewolf attacks you!
You have no choice but to face Werewolf in combat.
Test Quote 2
The Werewolf deals 1 damage.
Health: 87
87
The killer hears you! He rushes over to you!
Quickly, you prepare for battle
You take 361 damage.
Health: -273
You died.
Debug statement - Testing battle_code_killer_2
378.612124208
You had 0 amount of health left
0
New run start:
What do you do?